Update help docs for SPSE (#72)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-server-ps/sharepoint-server/Set-SPCentralAdministration.md

# Set-SPCentralAdministration

## SYNOPSIS

> Sets the IIS web site binding for the SharePoint Central Administration site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the IIS website binding for the SharePoint Central Administration site.
```

## SYNTAX

```
Set-SPCentralAdministration -Port <Int32> [-SecureSocketsLayer] [-HostHeader <String>]
 [-Certificate <SPServerCertificatePipeBind>] [-UseServerNameIndication] [-AllowLegacyEncryption]
 [-Url <String>] [-AssignmentCollection <SPAssignmentCollection>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The `Set-SPCentralAdministration` cmdlet sets the IIS web site binding for the SharePoint Central Administration site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Set-SPCentralAdministration` cmdlet sets the IIS website binding for the SharePoint Central Administration site.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AllowLegacyEncryption

> Specifies that older SSL and TLS protocol versions and cipher suites are allowed to be used with this IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that older SSL and TLS protocol versions and cipher suites are allowed to be used with this IIS website.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Certificate

> Specifies the certificate that will be used for the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the certificate that will be used for the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS website.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostHeader

> The host header of the Central Administration IIS web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host header of the Central Administration IIS website.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Port
Specifies the administration port for the Central Administration site.

The type must be a valid port number; for example, 8080.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecureSocketsLayer
Enables Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption for the Central Administration IIS web site.

> If you choose to use SSL, you must import a server certificate to SharePoint and assign it to the Central Administration IIS web site for this web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use SSL, you must import a server certificate to SharePoint and assign it to the Central Administration IIS website for this web application.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Url
Specifies the load-balanced URL for Central Administration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UseServerNameIndication

> Specifies that the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS web site should use Server Name Indication (SNI).
> Server Name Indication allows multiple IIS web sites with unique host headers and unique server certificates to share the same SSL port.
> If Server Name Indication isn't used, all IIS web sites sharing the same SSL port must share the same server certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) binding of this IIS website should use Server Name Indication (SNI).
Server Name Indication allows multiple IIS websites with unique host headers and unique server certificates to share the same SSL port.
If Server Name Indication isn't used, all IIS websites sharing the same SSL port must share the same server certificate.
```

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before executing the command.
For more information, type the following command: `get-help about_commonparameters`

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Displays a message that describes the effect of the command instead of executing the command.
For more information, type the following command: `get-help about_commonparameters`

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi
Applicable: SharePoint Server Subscription Edition

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
